Load balancing backoffice documentation (#7545)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 17/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/setup/server-setup/load-balancing/signalR-in-backoffice-load-balanced-environment.md

## Introducing a SignalR Backplane
A SignalR backplane is akin to a load balancer for direct client to server web traffic. It keeps track of which client is connected to which server. So that when a client sends a message, it arrives at the right server. It also allows any connected server to send a message to all clients, even those that are not directly connected to it.

## Choosing the right backplane
Choosing the right backplane comes down to a few things
- Message throughput
- Cost
- What infrastructure you already have in place

Microsoft has a good list of available backplanes in its [SignalR load balancing article](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/signalr/scale?view=aspnetcore-10.0), including a list of well known [third party offerings](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/signalr/scale?view=aspnetcore-9.0#third-party-signalr-backplane-providers).

## Code examples
The following code examples show you how you can activate SignalR load balancing using an Umbraco composer.

> Note: Both Umbraco Core and these composers use `.AddSignalR().` which is ok since the underlying code registers the required services as singletons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% hint style="info" %}
Both Umbraco and these composers use `.AddSignalR()`.  This duplication isn't a concern as the underlying code registers the required services as singletons.
{% endhint %}
```

Umbraco uses SignalR to abstract away these types of communication. This also allows us to support load balancing by replacing how the communication is done by introducing a backplane.

## Introducing a SignalR Backplane
A SignalR backplane is akin to a load balancer for direct client to server web traffic. It keeps track of which client is connected to which server. So that when a client sends a message, it arrives at the right server. It also allows any connected server to send a message to all clients, even those that are not directly connected to it.

## Choosing the right backplane
Choosing the right backplane comes down to a few things
- Message throughput
- Cost
- What infrastructure you already have in place

Microsoft has a good list of available backplanes in its [SignalR load balancing article](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/signalr/scale?view=aspnetcore-10.0), including a list of well known [third party offerings](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/signalr/scale?view=aspnetcore-9.0#third-party-signalr-backplane-providers).

## Code examples

> The following code examples show you how you can activate SignalR load balancing using an Umbraco composer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code examples show how you can activate SignalR load balancing using an Umbraco composer.
```
